

Using the C++ language (C++11 is strongly recommended but, if not practical, a different version is OK), write an original function (API) that determines times of solar occultations (the moon blocks the sun as seen from earth) in the period 2030 JAN 01 to 2040 JAN 01.  Then write a main program that calls this function.

Use any sources/forms of orbit data and body physical data you like -- SPICE or otherwise. (Explain what they are.)

Use any amount of underlying SPICE Toolkit code you like (presumably CSPICE code), including none.

Clearly document your code, including providing the complete functional description of the API, preferably in the style and scope of CSPICE API "header" documentation.

You might use NAIF's C++11 "Coding Style and Standards" document (attached) and/or examples of NAIF's existing CSPICE routines as guides.

Clearly document what the numeric results are, hopefully largely according to the SPICE style.

Explain what you've done to validate your numeric results.

Document any assumptions and any simplifications you've made in order to complete the assignment in a reasonable amount of time. (The definition of "reasonable" is up to you.)

If you had more time, describe what changes you might make to your code to improve it, including why so. For example, consider how you might first narrow down the intervals of time over which you would subsequently search for occultations. (Maybe even add this to your code?)

If asked to make the application suitable for public distribution from an astronomy website, what changes, if any, would you wish to make?

We propose you complete this effort within two weeks after you receive this task statement.  After you have returned your code, numeric results and documentation to NAIF, we might ask to schedule a Webex session to discuss these.

If you should find this exercise to be sufficiently inconsistent with your current skills, please write back with an alternate programming proposal that would be better suited to you but still helpful in NAIF's assessment of your ability to contribute to the team.
